README.md, before:

# Launcher
- Is a simple Windows process launcher.
- It's work in progress and should be simple.

Main reason why I build this tool is that:
- I'm getting lost in plenty of file explorer windows 
- they are nearly not distinguishable from each other in windows taskbar
- Windows file explorer navigation and pinning features driven me crazy

![AppWindow](https://github.com/viper3400/Launcher/blob/master/ProcessLauncher.png)

## Configuration

- Lauchner is configurable in config.txt. 
- The file has to be placed within the application directory next to the EXE. 
- Each line means one command and one button in the UI.
- Each line need to follow the syntax:

```[NAME IN UI];[PATH];[SHELLEXECUTE];[COLOR]```

Starting with 1.1.0 you can add a color from Bushes class to set  background color of the button (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.drawing.brushes)

Example

```
Open folder C:\Temp;C:\Temp\;true;red
Open Putty;C:\Temp\putty.exe;false
```

With the ShellExecute parameter set to true you can launch documents or folders and so on with the default application.

# Publish as SingeFile Application
```
dotnet publish -r win-x64 -c Release -o publish -p:PublishReadyToRun=true 
               -p:PublishSingleFile=true -p:PublishTrimmed=true --self-contained true 
               -p:IncludeNativeLibrariesForSelfExtract=true -p:Version=[x.y.z.n]
```

* https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/single-file/design.md#user-experience
* https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/36590

# Credits
## App Icon
* https://www.deviantart.com/franksouza183
* http://www.iconarchive.com/show/fs-icons-by-franksouza183/Places-folder-windows-icon.html

Commit message:

feature: support command line arguments
close #1

README.md, after:

# Launcher
- Is a simple Windows process launcher.
- It's work in progress and should be simple.

Main reason why I build this tool is that:
- I'm getting lost in plenty of file explorer windows 
- they are nearly not distinguishable from each other in windows taskbar
- Windows file explorer navigation and pinning features driven me crazy

![AppWindow](https://github.com/viper3400/Launcher/blob/master/ProcessLauncher.png)

## Configuration

- Lauchner is configurable in config.txt. 
- The file has to be placed within the application directory next to the EXE. 
- Each line means one command and one button in the UI.
- Each line need to follow the syntax:

```[NAME IN UI];[PATH];[ARGUMENTS];[SHELLEXECUTE];[COLOR]```

Starting with 1.1.0 you can add a color from Bushes class to set  background color of the button (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.drawing.brushes)
Starting with 2.0.0 you can add arguments to your call. You can leave it empty.
When migration from 1.x to 2.x you have to adjust your config.txt and insert the argument field in the semicolon separated list.

Example

```
Open folder C:\Temp;C:\Temp\;;true;red
Open Putty;C:\Temp\putty.exe;;false
Call with Arguments;C:\PortableApps\DB Browser for SQLite\DB Browser for SQLite.exe;D:\Temp\test.db;false;Honeydew
```

With the ShellExecute parameter set to true you can launch documents or folders and so on with the default application.

# Publish as SingeFile Application
```
dotnet publish -r win-x64 -c Release -o publish -p:PublishReadyToRun=true 
               -p:PublishSingleFile=true -p:PublishTrimmed=true --self-contained true 
               -p:IncludeNativeLibrariesForSelfExtract=true -p:Version=[x.y.z.n]
```

* https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/single-file/design.md#user-experience
* https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/36590

# Credits
## App Icon
* https://www.deviantart.com/franksouza183
* http://www.iconarchive.com/show/fs-icons-by-franksouza183/Places-folder-windows-icon.html
